## SKALE Metaport Bridge and Staking UI Terms of Use

The SKALE Network ("we," "us," "our," etc.) makes the SKALE Metaport
UI (the "<ins>Bridge and Staking User Interface</ins>") available to
help users transfer cryptographic tokens ("<ins>Tokens</ins>")
between the Ethereum blockchain and any SKALE blockchain and help users
stake SKL tokens. The UI does not itself initiate or process any such
transfer or at any time have custody or control of any Tokens. It merely
facilitates such transfers and staking requests by providing a link
between the Ethereum blockchain and the applicable SKALE blockchain.

All uses of the Bridge and Staking UI are subject to these SKALE
Metaport UI Terms of Use (these "<ins>Terms</ins>"). Accordingly, if
you use the UI, you and we mutually agree that these Terms will
constitute a binding, legally enforceable contract between you and us.

**THESE TERMS CONTAIN A MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION THAT, AS FURTHER SET FORTH IN THE “ARBITRATION” SECTION BELOW, REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES. IT DOES NOT ALLOW JURY TRIALS OR ANY OTHER COURT PROCEEDINGS OR CLASS ACTIONS OF ANY KIND.**

### NO WARRANTIES

_The Metaport UI is provided <ins>AS IS</ins>, without any warranties
of any type or nature. **Your use of the Metaport UI is at your sole
risk.** To the full extent permissible under applicable law, we
specifically disclaim all implied warranties including, without
limitation, implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose and non-infringement. The duration of any implied
warranty that is not effectively disclaimed will be limited to the
longer of (i) thirty (30) days from the date that you first accept these
Terms and (ii) the shortest period allowed under applicable law._

Some jurisdictions do not permit the disclaimer of implied warranties or
limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts; therefore, some or
all of the provisions of this section may not apply to you.

Without limiting the foregoing, you acknowledge that there are inherent
risks associated with transfers of digital assets recorded on any
blockchain, such as Tokens. These risks include, but are not limited to,
the failure of hardware, software or internet connections, the risk of
malicious software introduction and the risk of unauthorized access to
your digital wallet via cyberattacks or otherwise. Further, transfers of
digital assets such as Tokens are, as a rule, irreversible.
Consequently, losses due to fraudulent or accidental transfers are
generally not recoverable. Thus, it is possible that, through computer
or human error, or through theft or fraud, Tokens may be irretrievably
lost, corrupted, damaged or stolen or become inaccessible. We will not
have any liability of any type or nature arising out of or relating to
the loss, corruption or theft of or damage to Tokens.

### LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

_In no event shall we, our affiliates or our licensors, or our or their
respective employees, agents, directors, officers or shareholders, be
liable with respect to the Bridge, any use thereof, or otherwise
relating in any way to the subject matter of these Terms (however
arising, including negligence) for (i) any lost or corrupted Tokens or
other data, lost profits or any special, incidental, indirect or
consequential damages, even if we have been advised of the possibility
of such damages or (ii) the cost of procuring substitute goods,
services, products or technology._

_To the full extent permissible under applicable law, our aggregate
liability to you arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Bridge
or any Tokens is limited to \$10._

Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion or limitation of
incidental or consequential damages, so the above exclusions shall only
apply to the extent permissible under applicable law.

### DATA COLLECTION AND USAGE

Purpose of Data Collection
By using the SKALE Portal, you consent to the collection and storage of certain data related to your usage of the platform. This includes the ability to save your preferences such as favorite decentralized applications (dApps) and a history of your recent dApp interactions after connecting your wallet.

Scope of Data Collection
The data collected may include:

- Information on the dApps you interact with through the platform.
- Preferences or settings that you choose to save, such as your favorite dApps.

Use of Collected Data
The collected data is used solely to enhance your experience on the platform by allowing you to:

- Quickly access your favorite dApps.
- View your recent dApp activities for convenience.
- We do not share your data with third parties, except as required by law, or use it for purposes other than those stated above.

Data Security
We employ industry-standard security measures to protect the data we collect. However, you acknowledge that no system can guarantee absolute security, and we are not responsible for unauthorized access to your data resulting from circumstances beyond our control.

### INDEMNIFICATION

_You will be responsible for and will pay us, our affiliates, and our
and our affiliates' respective employees, representatives, agents,
vendors and licensors (collectively, the "<ins>Indemnified
Persons</ins>") the amount of any loss, damage, fine, penalty,
liability, cost or expense (including, but not limited to, reasonable
attorneys' fees) (collectively, "<ins>Losses</ins>") incurred by us
or any of the Indemnified Persons arising in any way out of or in
connection with your use of the Bridge or otherwise relating to any
Tokens, excluding any Losses to the extent attributable to our violation
of law, or, in the case of Losses incurred by any Indemnified Person,
that Indemnified Person's violation of law._

### AMENDMENTS TO THESE TERMS

We may change these Terms at any time by posting a new version of these
Terms. Any use of the Bridge after any such change will be subject to
the version of the Terms in effect at the time of such use.

### INFORMAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION

We want to address any concerns that you may have without the need for a
formal dispute resolution process. Before commencing arbitration against
us, you agree to try to resolve the Dispute (as defined below)
informally by contacting us in writing at 1 Ferry Building, 201, San
Francisco CA 94111 or via e-mail at info@skalelabs.com to notify us of
the actual or potential Dispute. Similarly, we will undertake reasonable
efforts to contact you to notify you of any actual or potential dispute
to resolve any claim we may possess informally before taking any formal
action. The party that provides the notice of the actual or potential
Dispute (the "<ins>Notifying Party</ins>") will include in that
notice (a "<ins>Notice of Dispute</ins>") your name (to the extent
known), the Notifying Party's contact information for any communications
relating to such Dispute (including for the Notifying Party's legal
counsel if it is represented by counsel in connection with such
Dispute), and sufficient details regarding such Dispute to enable the
other party (the "_Notified Party_") to understand the basis of and
evaluate the concerns raised. If the Notified Party responds within ten
(10) business days after receiving the Notice of Dispute that it is
ready and willing to engage in good faith discussions in an effort to
resolve the Dispute informally, then each party shall promptly
participate in such discussions in good faith.

### ARBITRATION

This agreement to arbitrate applies to you only if your Country of
Residence is the United States. "Country of Residence" for purposes of
this agreement to arbitrate means the country in which you hold
citizenship or legal permanent residence; provided that if you have more
than one country of citizenship or legal permanent residence, it shall
be the country in which you hold citizenship or legal permanent
residence with which you most closely are associated by permanent or
most frequent residence.

You and we agree that any and all past, present and future disputes,
controversies, claims, or causes of action arising out of or relating to
Bridge or any Tokens, or arising out of or relating to these Terms, and
any other controversies or disputes between you and us (including
disputes regarding the effectiveness, scope, validity or enforceability
of this agreement to arbitrate) (collectively,
"<ins>Dispute(s)</ins>"), shall be determined by arbitration, unless
(A) you opt out as provided below or (B) your Dispute is subject to an
exception to this agreement to arbitrate set forth below. You and we
further agree that any arbitration pursuant to this section shall not
proceed as a class, group or representative action. The award of the
arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

If notwithstanding the Notifying Party's compliance with all of its
obligations above relating to the informal resolution of Disputes, a
Dispute is not resolved within 30 days after the Notice of Dispute is
sent (or if the Notified Party fails to respond to the Notice of Dispute
within ten (10) business days), the Notifying Party may initiate an
arbitration proceeding as described below. If either party purports to
initiate arbitration without first providing a Notice of Dispute and
otherwise complying with all of its obligations under the preceding
paragraph, then, notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms, the
arbitrator(s) will promptly dismiss the claim with prejudice and will
award the other party all of its costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with such Dispute.

Unless you opt out of this agreement to arbitrate as provided below, you
and we each agree to resolve any Disputes that are not resolved
informally as described above through final and binding arbitration as
discussed herein, subject to the exceptions set forth below.

If you do not wish to be subject to this agreement to arbitrate, you may
opt out of this arbitration provision by sending a written notice to us
at 1 Ferry Building, 201, San Francisco CA 94111 or via e-mail at
info@skalelabs.com within thirty (30) days of the first time you accept
these Terms (or any prior version of these Terms) or, if earlier, your
first use the Bridge. You must date the notice and include your first
and last name, address, and a clear statement that you do not wish to
resolve disputes with us through arbitration. If no notice is submitted
in the manner described above by the 30-day deadline, you will have
irrevocably waived your right to litigate any Dispute except to the
extent of the exceptions set forth below. By opting out of the agreement
to arbitrate, you will not be precluded from using the App or any
Services, but you and we will not be permitted to invoke the mutual
agreement to arbitrate to resolve Disputes under the terms otherwise
provided herein.

You and we agree that the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") will
administer the arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and
the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes in effect at
the time arbitration is sought ("AAA Rules"). Those rules are available
at [www.adr.org](http://www.adr.org) or by calling the AAA at
1-800-778-7879. A party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide
the other party with a written Demand for Arbitration as specified in
the AAA Rules. (The AAA provides a general Demand for Arbitration.)
Arbitration will proceed on an individual basis and will be handled by a
sole arbitrator. The single arbitrator will be either a retired judge or
an attorney licensed to practice law and will be selected by the parties
from the AAA's roster of arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree
upon an arbitrator within fourteen (14) days of delivery of the Demand
for Arbitration, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance
with the AAA Rules. The arbitrator(s) shall be authorized to award any
remedies, including injunctive relief, that would be available in an
individual lawsuit, other than remedies that you effectively waived
pursuant to these Terms. Except as may be and to the extent otherwise
required by law, the arbitration proceeding and any award shall be
confidential.

You and we further agree that the arbitration will be held in the
English language in Santa Clara county, California, or, if you so elect,
all proceedings can be conducted via videoconference, telephonically or
via other remote electronic means. If we elect arbitration, we shall pay
all of the AAA filing costs and administrative fees (other than hearing
fees). If you elect arbitration, filing costs and administrative fees
(other than hearing fees) shall be paid in accordance with the AAA
Rules, or in accordance with countervailing law if contrary to the AAA
Rules. However, if the value of the relief sought is \$10,000 or less,
at your request, we will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator
fees associated with the arbitration, unless the arbitrator(s) finds
that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought was
frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the
standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). In such
circumstances, fees will be determined in accordance with the AAA Rules.
Each party shall bear the expense of its own attorneys\' fees, except as
otherwise provided herein or required by law. This agreement to
arbitrate shall be construed under and be subject to the Federal
Arbitration Act (U.S. Code Article 9), notwithstanding any other choice
of law set out in these Terms.

You and we agree that the arbitration of any Dispute shall proceed on an
individual basis, and neither you nor we may bring a claim as a part of
a class, group, collective, coordinated, consolidated or mass
arbitration (each, a "<ins>Collective Arbitration</ins>"). Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, a claim to resolve any Dispute
against us will be deemed a Collective Arbitration if (i) two (2) or
more similar claims for arbitration are filed concurrently; and (ii)
counsel for the claimants are the same, share fees or coordinate across
the arbitrations. "Concurrently" for purposes of this provision means
that both arbitrations are pending (filed but not yet resolved) at the
same time.

**_To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither you nor we
shall be entitled to consolidate, join or coordinate disputes by or
against other individuals or entities with any Disputes, or to arbitrate
or litigate any Dispute in a representative capacity, including as a
representative member of a class or in a private attorney general
capacity. In connection with any Dispute, any and all such rights are
hereby expressly and unconditionally waived._** Without limiting the
foregoing, any challenge to the validity of this paragraph or otherwise
relating to the prohibition of Collective Arbitration shall be
determined exclusively by the arbitrator.

Notwithstanding the agreement between you and us to arbitrate Disputes,
you and we each may assert claims, if they qualify, through the small
claims process in any courts having jurisdiction.

This agreement to arbitrate shall survive the termination or expiration
of these Terms. With the exception of the provisions of this agreement
to arbitrate that prohibit Collective Arbitration, if a court decides
that any part of this agreement to arbitrate is invalid or
unenforceable, then the remaining portions of this agreement to
arbitrate shall nevertheless remain valid and in force. If a court finds
the prohibition of Collective Arbitration to be invalid or
unenforceable, then the entirety of this agreement to arbitrate shall be
deemed void (but no provisions of these Terms not specifically related
to arbitration shall be void), and any remaining Dispute must be
litigated in court pursuant to the paragraph below entitled Governing
Law.

### GOVERNING LAW

These Terms will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws
of the state of California applicable to contracts entered into and
performed in California by California residents; provided that, as
stated above, the provisions of these Terms related to arbitration shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the Federal Arbitration
Act (U.S. Code Title 9).

### IMPORTANT NOTE TO NEW JERSEY CONSUMERS

If you are a consumer residing in New Jersey, the following provisions
of these Terms do not apply to you (and do not limit any rights that you
may have) to the extent that they are unenforceable under New Jersey
law: (a) the disclaimer of liability for any indirect, incidental,
consequential, special, exemplary or punitive damages of any kind (for
example, to the extent unenforceable under the New Jersey Punitive
Damages Act, New Jersey Products Liability Act, New Jersey Uniform
Commercial Code and New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act); (b) the limitations
of liability for lost profits or loss or misuse of any data (for
example, to the extent unenforceable under the New Jersey Identity Theft
Protection Act and New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act); (c) application of
the limitations of liability to the recovery of damages that arise under
contract and tort, including negligence, strict liability or any other
theory (for example, to the extent such damages are recoverable by a
consumer under New Jersey law, including the New Jersey Products
Liability Act); (d) the requirement that you indemnify us and the other
indemnified parties (for example, to the extent the scope of such
indemnity is prohibited under New Jersey law); and (e) the governing law
provision (for example, to the extent that your rights as a consumer
residing in New Jersey are required to be governed by New Jersey law).

### MISCELLANEOUS

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us with
respect to the subject matter of these Terms. Accordingly, these Terms
supersede any prior terms relating to that subject matter.

Except as provided above with respect to the provisions of these Terms
prohibiting Collective Arbitration, if any provision of these Terms is
held to be invalid, ineffective or unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction or arbitrator, the remaining provisions of these Terms will
remain valid, effective and enforceable.

If you breach these Terms and we choose not to immediately respond, or
choose not to respond at all, we will still be entitled to all rights
and remedies at any later date, or in any other situation, where you
breach these Terms. No failure to act or delay in acting by us will be
deemed to be a waiver of any type.

You may not assign any of your rights or delegate any of your duties or
obligations under these Terms, and any purported assignment will be null
and void and of no force or effect.
